>> Estelle: I would like to just
add one feature to the grids
that we talked about earlier.
I did not show you the debugging tools.
So right now, I am in Firefox and
hopefully I can make the debugger bigger.
I cannot, usually you go in here and
you just make it bigger and
that's making the page bigger.
And in the Firefox developer tools,
if you actually pick
the element where the grid is,
which is our ordered list.
And you go down here to where you say,
display grid.
There's this icon right here and
you can click it and
it'll show you the grid lines.
So Firefox actually has some pretty neat,
debugging tools.
And there's features like dragging and
stuff like that which I
didn't want to go in to.
But I just wanted to show you that in
the debugging tools there's actually
ways of looking at your grid and playing
around with it, so that's it for grids.